Ouch, what are you doing?
Why don't you invite me to your house for a while?
Now, are you going to stand here and talk to me?
Hey, let me go, come back here.
Tell me what are you looking for me for?
I can't come to you if I have nothing to do.
You are at home
Such a beautiful woman
Why are you still coming to me, ugly?
I miss you, I come to see you
Doctor's Eye
Is there really something wrong with your aesthetic?
How did you face me like this?
Say such mushy words
I love that shirt on you.
You are not allowed to say that about yourself
Yeah, it's fine.
Shall I introduce you to an eye doctor?
Is there something wrong with my eyes?
You are also studying medicine
Then please help me take a look first